Copyright 2018-Current Miva, Inc.

Miva SDK License Agreement

Last updated: 20 November 2018

BY DOWNLOADING AND/OR IMPLEMENTING THIS SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT FILE (SDK)
(THE "SOFTWARE"), YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:

Miva, Inc. ("Miva") is the sole owner of the Software, and retains complete
ownership of, and all intellectual property rights in and to, the Software.
You agree not to violate these rights, and to take all appropriate steps to
protect Miva's rights. Miva may, at any time, without prior notice, replace,
modify, alter, improve, enhance, or change the Software.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this Software and associated documentation files, to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

For the avoidance of doubt, this License Agreement does not govern use of any
other Miva software or services, including but not limited to the Miva
Merchant® software and MivaPay®, nor does use of this Software require that you
obtain or maintain a license or subscription to any other Miva software or
services.

This License Agreement constitutes the entire and sole agreement between you
and Miva, regarding the Software described herein, and is entered into as of
the date on which you download or implement the Software, whichever date is
earlier.

###END###
